[docs] Rework API docs (#2453)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: docs/index.rst

OpenTelemetry-Python API Reference
==================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-chat-green.svg
   :target: https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01PD4HUVBL
   :alt: Slack Chat

> Welcome to the **API docs** for the `Python OpenTelemetry client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the docs for the `Python OpenTelemetry implementation
```
The docs linked document more things than just the API right?

Author: Thanks for chiming in @cartermp.

@ocelotl - I'm ok going with your suggestion for now.

Author: Suggestion merged. PTAL @ocelotl et all.
